(1) Types of Cloud based deployment? (4 types)(also difference)

(2) Cloud services models with details & example ? Advantages and Disadvantages.

(3) Cloud Computing Architecture.

(4) Cloud computing advantages and disadvantages.
=> Advantages :-
	(1) Cost effective : offers pay-as-you-go pricing, and reduces maintenance expenses.
	(2) scalable : this allows businesses to adapt to changing demands without over-provisioning
	(3) Secure : Cloud providers typically have robust security
	(4) Automatic updates :  It saves time and effort on maintenance
	(5) Realiable : High uptime and disaster recovery capabilities are key reasons for cloud's reliability
	(6) Faster deployment : launching new applications or services much quicker than on-premises solutions 
	(7) on-demand service : provides verious services like IaaS,PaaS and SaaS we can choose according to the needs.

=> Disadvantages :-
	(1) Vendor change : difficulty of switching to another provider due to data migration challenges and proprietary features.
	(2) Security concerns : Some times data lake and communications security may be in danger if not handled correctly.
	(3) Internet dependency : Outages or disruptions can impact operations can cause major issues
	(4) Downtime : While rare, cloud services can experience downtime due to maintenance or technical issues, affecting your applications and operations.
	(5) Hidden charges : Unexpected usage spikes or additional services can lead to higher costs than initially anticipated.

(6) Hypervisor in cloud computing.

(7) Virtulization and Types of Virtulization - Advantages and Disadvantages.
----
(8) Difference between Transactional data and Big Data.
=>

volumn: 
	-> Smaller in volume dealing with day to day operation of org
	-> Larger in volumn often reaching petabyte or more




(9) What is data warehousing , OLAP & OLTP in data processing technique.

(10) Data lake with its architecture.

(11) What is big data? compare big data with traditional database system 
with benefits.

(12) Short note :
	-> Cloud security alliance.
	-> Infrastructure components of cloud.